Hi Sam,

I have attached a schematic of the orrery. I think a few words of 
explanation might help. I don't know your expertise so please bear with 
me if I am telling you things you already know.

The black bits are fixed and do not move. The clear rectangles are 
gears. The green bits are arms which support the planets. The red bits 
are tube both 5 and 6mm. The pale blue bits are axles (4mm) which join 
some of the gears rigidly.

The grey rod (could be tube) is 4mm diameter and takes  the drive from 
the bottom up to the sun into which it is fixed. I use 4mm steel rod 
from B&Q. The first gear in the series (just under the sun) is fixed to 
this rod and rotates with the sun.

This driving rod rotates inside a 5mm OD brass tube which is fixed 
solidly to the base and does itself not revolve.

The black platform supporting the outer pair of the 4 gears in each unit 
is fixed solidly to the 5mm tube and hence does not rotate. These gears 
are fixed together with the blue axles which rotate inside a short bit 
of 5mm tubing which is a press fit into the wooden support. This makes a 
good bearing.

Apart from the first gear the inner pair of  gears is fixed to a short 
length of 6mm OD brass tube which makes a revolving fit on the 5mm fixed 
tube. In between these two gears and fixed to the 6mm is the support arm 
for the planet.

I have shown the drive chain to include two bevel gears. You probably 
noticed in my unit the wooden bevel gears of which I am not proud. They 
will be replaced with 3d printed ones. Alternatively if you want to do 
away with them altogether you can operate the orrery by turning the sun 
by hand.

Most of the gears are press fits onto the tubes and axles and this works 
quite well. If you are concerned a little bit of glue will really fix 
them.

The biggest problem is the is the black gear supports. Again these were 
press fits to the grey rod but disassembly became tedious and when done 
several times they became looser and looser. Maybe some form of grub 
screw to fix them to the 5mm tube?

No lubrication is necessary as the tubes and rods rotate nicely around  
each other. If you get precision brass tube with 0.45 mm wall they all 
nest nicely together. Readily available on eBay and some model shops.

If you mount the whole thing on a big base it should be pretty robust.

No ball bearings were harmed in this project.

  All the gears in my system are  Module 2.0 except where noted on the 
diagram. Plenty of explanations of gear Module on the internet. If you 
wanted to stick with my ratios but wanted a bigger or smaller instrument 
you would just need to scale all the gears by the same factor.

If you haven't fallen asleep yet I will pack it in now. I am sure you 
will have some questions.

Generating the gear ratios to give reasonably precise orbital ratios is 
not trivial. If you want my values I can send them next time. I used a 
computer program I wrote to calculate all possible teeth counts for each 
of the 4 gears to the precision I wanted. It worked by brute force and 
took several minutes and hundred of thousands of calculations before it 
came up with and answer  which I might then reject because of other 
considerations. How people did it before computers I don't know.

Good luck

Nigel

